Throughout the bridge application, there will be features (such as the deal hand presentation) that will need to be able to display the dealt hand in a variety of ways.  This prompt will outline the requirements for the dealt hand presentation.
The capability of the application described in this prompt will be reused in this application and future bridge applications so it must be generalized to be used in any bridge application and for any purpose and in any context and in many "games" or "situations".
The concept of a "card" will be used throughout this prompt.  A card is a playing card with a suit and a rank.  The card will be represented by a string of the form "SA", "H2", "D3", "C4" where S = Spades, H = Hearts, D = Diamonds, C = Clubs and the number is the rank of the card internally but may be displayed as "A", "2", "3", "4" etc. in the UI or as a card image where the suit is represented by the appropriate symbol and the rank is represented by a number or letter.  Suits are: Spades, Hearts, Diamonds, Clubs.  Spades are black, Hearts are red, Diamonds are red, Clubs are black.
The card image can optionally be small with just the suit and rank displayed or it can be large with the full card displayed.  A full card display will show the suit and rank in the appropriate color and the card will be displayed with a border and appropriate background - the face cards will be displayed with the appropriate face card image (King, Queen, Jack) appropriately sized and centered in the center of the card. A numbered card will have an image of the number in the appropriate color in the center area of the card.
When a "hand" is displayed, it will be displayed in a specific order - the suits will be displayed in the order of Spades, Hearts, Diamonds, Clubs and the cards within each suit will be displayed in the order of the rank of the card.
If the hand is displayed assimple letters-numbers (as chosen by the player - or fixed by the game) it can optionally (player choice ) be in  with suits stacked vertically or horizontally.  When simple displayed hands are arranged horizontally, each suit should be separated by at least 2 character widths.
If the hand is displayed as card images (as chosen by the player - or fixed by the game) it can optionally (player choice ) be displayed several ways.  The cards can be displayed in a row or in a column or in a grid still adhering to suit separation and high to low rank sorting.  The cards can be in "fan" style where the cards are displayed in a fan shape with the highest rank card for each suit to the left and the lowest rank card to the right for each suit and adhering to the order - left to rignt - Spades, Hearts, Diamonds, Clubs.
A "hand" is a collection of 13 cards. It can contain any combination of cards, but it must contain exactly 13 cards.  It can have 1 or all 4 suits. The actual contents of the hand are not important for this prompt, but the hand will be displayed in the UI based on input parameters from another component that will "deal" the hand.  This component will only be responsible for displaying the hand in the UI based on the input parameters provided by the dealing component.
